Xu Wenjie, you still have the face to smile
One phone call can get the trial done
Depending on the location of the partner
What about you, except for causing trouble for Mr. Gao?
What else can you do?
Hey
Don't say that to him
When the little white face is able to deceive women
That lie
It's nowhere near as good as Techang.
Xu Wenjie, I know you are jealous of Ke Shao
But you can't smear him, can you?
Is it that hard to admit that someone else is better than you?
This is also called excellence
No matter how bad it is, it is stronger than Xu Wenjie
Well, why don't we make a bet?
Bet on which of them is better
Whose achievements are higher?
A month later is the Shen family's charity dinner
See you then
how
I said you are a vixen who speaks well
Ke Shao is the successor of Koch's Pharmaceutical
Assets in the name have exceeded 100 billion
Firefly in the first five Haoyue
Ok then bet
Whoever loses
Apologize to the other party
Admit that you are blind
It's a deal.